README.md, before:

In this repo i set out to learn the fundamentals of Bootstrap. i.e.
    What it is?
    What it does
    Why use bootsrap
    How to use bootstrap

### Basic understanding
Bootstrap is a popular open-source framework for building responsive and mobile-first websites and web applications. It provides a collection of pre-designed templates, components, and CSS styles that make it easier to create consistent and visually appealing user interfaces. Bootstrap also includes JavaScript plugins for adding interactive features to your web projects. It is widely used by developers to streamline the process of designing and developing websites, as it offers a responsive grid system, typography, form controls, navigation, and much more.

### Why use Bootstrap?
1. Speeds up development: with the power of templates
2. Consistent design: A cross devices
3. Responsive design: Bootstrap's responsive grid system makes it easy to create websites and applications that are optimized for all screen sizes and devices, including desktops, tablets, and smartphones. 
4. Cross-browser compatibility: Bootstrap is designed to work with all modern web browsers, so you can be sure that your website or application will work correctly on all devices. 
5. Large community: Bootstrap has a large and active community of developers, which means that there are plenty of resources and support available if you need help or have questions. 

### Things Covering
Display headings
Text decoration and font weight
Lead Text
Text and background color

Commit message:

Went through buttons, containers and an intro to the grid dydtem in bootstrap 5

README.md, after:

In this repo i set out to learn the fundamentals of Bootstrap. i.e.
    What it is?
    What it does
    Why use bootsrap
    How to use bootstrap

### Basic understanding
Bootstrap is a popular open-source framework for building responsive and mobile-first websites and web applications. It provides a collection of pre-designed templates, components, and CSS styles that make it easier to create consistent and visually appealing user interfaces. Bootstrap also includes JavaScript plugins for adding interactive features to your web projects. It is widely used by developers to streamline the process of designing and developing websites, as it offers a responsive grid system, typography, form controls, navigation, and much more.

### Why use Bootstrap?
1. Speeds up development: with the power of templates
2. Consistent design: A cross devices
3. Responsive design: Bootstrap's responsive grid system makes it easy to create websites and applications that are optimized for all screen sizes and devices, including desktops, tablets, and smartphones. 
4. Cross-browser compatibility: Bootstrap is designed to work with all modern web browsers, so you can be sure that your website or application will work correctly on all devices. 
5. Large community: Bootstrap has a large and active community of developers, which means that there are plenty of resources and support available if you need help or have questions. 

### Things Covering
a. Display headings
b. Text decoration and font weight
c. Lead Text
d. Text and background color
e. How to work with containers
f. Grid system
